---
layout: default
title: Tokenomics
permalink: /tokenomics/
tags: tokenomics
has_children: false
nav_order: 5
---

# Tokenomics

The $Muse governance token was ditributed with our first game Very Nifty. Early players of this 4 months old game had the luck to mine the initial $muse supply. The total number of token already distributed is 550K of a total supply of 1M $Muse. The 440K $Muse left to create tokens will be rewarded to LP providers for NFT20 pairs and $muse-ETH at a rate of 500 tokens per day.

The protocol gets 5% fees on all tokenized NFTs, users will be able to provide liquidity to the different NFT-ETH pairs and get $Muse tokens, those tokens can be burned to get a share of the fees generated by the protocol. The MUSE-ETH pool will reward slightly more $muse than the other pools, you can check the site to see what each farm pays out daily.

**Development costs**, we are working on NFT20 without any funding or token sales, to release NFT20, audit wraplp.com to offer incentives, and the time it takes to develop and test everything, it would cost us over $20k.

**Product is what matters most, not tokens**. We opted to first focus our limited resources on the product instead of the token.

**Risks**. This is a complex protocol that involves several contracts, we don't want to have a token with extra monetary value before everything is well tested in production.

We are always looking for contributors and developers, all our code is open sourced on GH. Any helpful funds for deployment and audits can be sent to our wallet **nft20.eth**.

**In the meantime you can check our governance docs to see how you can get involved right now and get some of the fees the protocol produces.**
